"MilkMan MilkMan, have you any whole, no sir no sir three gallons full"
“I want a quote too”
"even gods fear the rock​"
"I think will wants to die"
"what would you do in this situation, 17 men are running from the ashes of your old home. Would you A, Trip over my tabletop body. B. make fun of my disgustingly flat chest. Or would it be C. Grab a knife stab it into your best friends left testicle." (edited)
"i kicked him"
"give us your meaty score"
"and you know thats dumplings"
"i love architecture"
"I said geronimo and he punched me in the stomach"
"this gives me the same feeling as when someone vomits on my stairs and it just keeps going down each step"
"I wanna pick up gumball from the amazing world of gumball by his gigantic head and throw him into the sun"
"Defend yourself from my massive punches"
"gay
“It was a cakewalk”
"I'm an answering MACHINE"
"and theres just a hairy gorilla reording us in the closet"
'the varable is you"
"Looks Crunchy"
“Throat blown”
""If we forget history we are doomed to repeat it" - AJ"
"insert 20 second rant about apple sauce"
"Is that the correct term for pansexual?" "Yeah I saw it on wikihow"
“No”
"This was a joke made by yours truly"
they’re putting non-quotes in the quotes channel
yeah i think our boys are doing ok
"haha raisin eyes"
"I readied my bean fields for what they were to be subjected to"
"laughs uncontrollably"
“I see gumball from the amazing world of gumball with a screwdriver through his head”
“Pretty good cheese”
“Specimen for mating”
"Show the class how you can grunt"
"Touched."
"wheres the asterisk when i need it?
"Whats a danger tube?" "ok so my mom makes this weird lettuce"
"her painties looked soilent" 
"because you're female"
"do you wanna see my smile when i say that"
“10000 Indians runnning on the side of the road”
I'm not a rat
I'm a chef
You can tell by my hat I'm not a rat, I'm a chef.
"Bet who first"
These are all quotes
My whole speech there was a quote
"give me your height in radians"-
"They used men to pull their cars which is why they were-"
"that is awesome saad they should pay you
"Lois club am I right gentlefish?"
"defend yourself from my massive punches coming at you at light speed"
"absolute potato sacked my guy!"
"Oh that's a mess up"
“Run” or “Burn”
"If we forget history we are doomed to repeat it"
"""If we forget history we are doomed to repeat it" - AJ" -Saad"
“If we forget (bla bla bla)”
"“If we forget (bla bla bla)” -AJ"
"I get noivous"
"Hillary Swifter"
"The way you say my name makes my mama go to shame" 
"Don't give him a so much"
"sometimes i smash my head into a wall so i can forget what entomology is"
“gravel is what i eat and ladies are what i peep”
"insert 20 second rant about being sick"
"Maybe depending on how long you wait"
"No way it's shift"
"patooie"
"I could kill a goat"
"Loooo00OOW admin."
"What genre is this"
"You want her to take her crinkly clothes off"
"I think my good ear is the one you should speak into"
"dddddddd"
"You've been busy Peanut"
"Uchk"
"I was checking for lice in my eye"
"half of the things he say"
" If someone could vomit some liquid into my mouth I would be happy"
"I don't trust your balls"
"as he melts into the x"
"I can be their tuxedo man"
Message:
"we're like the men in black, we're the men in tall"
"everytime she hits me i start to age, thats me on the toilet"
"A key means a kilo" "How do you know that" "Cause I'm a drug dealer!"
"He was looking a little strange"
"wees wheat arms spaghetti the knuckles on his sandwich already im ready"
“Dad shot a rocket at it”
"You've got the midas touch buddy boy"
"Absolutely Pimping
"Not that I know of is an interesting way to answer that"
"Epic fail"
"It's the  hell sirens for me"
"look at little communist arguing over money"
"what the hell is this and why is it in my mouth?"
"Bill Nut the Science Slut"
“And I’ll send this one to this African American chick, I know that’s what you’re into will. Equilibrium.”
“When I cook eggs and they’re brown you say they’re burnt”
“HI GABLE”
“Are the- are the launch codes ready?”
"im gonna go to bed when i finish"
"It was my first time. I was nervous"
“Stop with your tong fetishes!”
“Chatbot”
"My stalker tendencies are coming out"
“I’m a big old piggy. Please do not break me”
"Martin Luther King is S teir"
"just drive over the round about"
"simply functional
"hes"
"14
"donde esta do you mind if I drop in"
"barks"
“Puppies, I’m gonna miss you!”
“Samsung supremacy more like white supremacy”
“What would you think about pregnant women in sundress would it be A. Absorb her juicy surprise B. take out your dick and put it inside her or would it be C. slap”
“You want drugs??? You want money??? You wanna know how I got these scars???”
“I’m telling you that’s Valkyrae”
“I’ve watched that video so many times and that’s why I never [REDACTED]”
“Can I put this in slow motion”
“In my past life I always wanted to be black”
"whos the one trumpet kid whos white"
"you have described every human"
"Great hinds think alike"
"Are the- are the thongs gonna be there??? ME WHEN I GO TO YO MOMMAS HOUSE"
"Who is that like graft"
man i love appearing gay to others"
"NO mmmm"
“People born in a spaceship wouldn’t be born on earth they would be born in space”
“Have you ever read wonder???”
"Return to the couch of ozone"
"Is that a Jew?"
"It's lebron james look how tall he is!"
"I Hope Will Comes"
"now make it cream"
"I think she goes off sound don't quote me on that"
“Grace then you, grace is definitely gonna die first”
“ Before you rape me pickpocket me to make sure I don’t have pepper spray because I’m obvious a girl walking my alone at 8pm on a winter night alone”
"What's for supper."
"SPAGHETTHI"
"EAT"
Me too hoe. Whatcha point
“Why aren’t you just like running? Why are you just like moving?”
"Hmmmm? Are my royal blunders impressive?"
"I don't know how to operate a rod I'm not familiar with"
"DUDE I'm looking there too!!!!"
"hee hee hoo hoo"
"theyre collecting sperm rylan! from bison! It sounds dangerous"
"Well look at you with your fancy penis,"
"I will not buy any of your merchandise, I just want to see brock banda"
“He’s up there isn’t he”
"i have parkisons"
"and ur parked right at last place"
"i was... stalking her
"anywaiter"
"foot check "
"Cum-quake"
“Well I like food, and I’m sorry that I don’t like to participate in food alone!”
“Do you know that from your hentai”
“It’s worse than minion memes”
“And you accidentally film a porno.”
“You try sucking on anything”
I just ate an oreo like, ~huuuuuh~
"Sorry Will but I hate curly hair"
"miggits"
"meows"
"That's literally Darwin from Animal Guy"
“we bought a cast iron last summer... we made a reaaally good steak in it”
"what the heck wills gonna =shoot up a school="
“Power off”
"It's just called being bilingular"
“ok i’m ready brett”
“that was more than expected”
“i mean my house is right there i can just go change”
"I stubbed my toe"
"I had a dream about that"
"Did you also dream about me lying?"
"The pig from back to the backyard"
“There are a lot of long things in the house.”
"It's time to fuck up this server"
"I don't think the APUSH alumni should come. They just seem like an unnecessary population"
"Getting choked on a friday night yeah"
"Would I say no? Is that even an option?"
“And Brett is at a solid 69”
"Cool, depressions the answer"
"Call me if you need help with ghosts."
“You guys gotta see this guys mud cake “
"you see, i wrote in my book, the top ten things you need to do before you die. Number one, me"
“anthony is 100% done”
“Peruvians, Pescatarians?”
“by the way, there’s this twitch steamer”
“How do they repopulate up there”
“They don’t”
“You’re telling me they weren’t in space???”
“Hey look at this”
“Get monkeys”
“I get all my news from penguinz0”
“Hey Amazon, cheese!”
"watch this frontflip"
"YOOOOOOOU SHALL NOT PASS"
"It is my genuine desire to be a woman used for your own convenience."
"Macklemore are you going to finish that cwoissant"
"Quote quote quote quote -Someperson"
"COME ON BRETT" 
“There’s Squirt Smooth!”
“that’s my boy teddy!”
“I think our driving system should be based on survival of the fittest”
"If you take aluminum and a proto-"
“Take a little nugget and put it in your toolbox”
"What is a mathematician's favorite reptile? A python"
"Okay well either way is fine I just need to know cause it’s um kinda big "
"beeschurger"
"Lindy you're not speaking"
"LiNdY yOu'Re nOt sPEAkinG"
"LinDY yOu'RE nOT SpEakIng"
"ا̶̖̂ ̷̥́إ̵̩̉ل̷̙͘ه̸͚̓ ̷͎̾إ̸͙̔ل̴̲̉ا̶̘̍ ̶̫̃ا̶̭̏ل̵̳͒ل̶̠͐ه̴͚̈ ̸̥̋م̷͓̔ح̸̗̌م̵̔ͅد̷̹͊ ̷̞̚ر̴͝ͅس̴͍͘و̷̪̂ل̴̭̿ ̶̖̊ا̵̡͛ل̵͇͌ل̶͖͒ه̶̭̌"
"Elizabeth Taylor"
"Are you down to clown AJ?"
"I don't know my parents blood types. Actually I do, my dad's an O and my mom's an A and I ain't talking blood types"
"You're trying to secretly baptize me"
““Tell me what to do Andrew.” - Doug “
“hyuk hyuk!”
"I'll drop a log on your head"
“somebody please step on me”
"I'm shredding them like corn in a feetfield"
"who is hasbulla"
bye
"women's rights-"
"NO"
"you guys don't have a crack addic?"
"Dude, I swear"
“Nice piccy huh?”
"I really like CBT"
“Cognitive behavioral therapy”
"I've got some news"
"Time to plug in the DSLR"
"All the cool kids are playing legume of legends"
"Don't panic, panic"
"garag"
"that's cheating"
"Adin Ross more like subtractin Ross"
"FUCK ME"
"SHUT UP"
“he’s drinking his cream”
"muffled angelic humming"
"I'm going to see Meridith on Wednesday, A̵͆̓Ằ̴A̷͊́A̶̘͗Ȅ̴͌A̴͋͆E̶͛̽Ǎ̵̒E̴̛͑Ű̴̐E̶̍͐E̴̒̏G̶̛͘H̶͐̒H̴̛͠H̶̆͘"
“I’m Bill Gates’s son”
“How’s the divorce going”
"chip Hitler"
"I will die if i get Killed"
"You're tellin me you don't fuck your homies goodnight?*
"Will's too submissive to do that"
"They would get 60 large men to throw these grenades"
"The Pope warehouse"
"The place where they keep all the dead bodies of the popes"
"What's a printer"
“emily you choose.”
“when do you, when is, when you”
“uhh, peeing”
“YEAH!!”
"ara"
"AHHHHH NO!"
“have you dominated will yet?”
"No, the pot the pot. Where did the pot go"
"STAY ASLEEP"
“I’ve never had it Morty”
"the funny silly one!"
"Step on me @Emily"
"The air feels wet"
"The most disease striken thing"
"If we could fill you with a liquid how much would fit inside of you"
"Daddy Dougy
"Bye guys I gotta get off"
"You can have giant balls that go everywhere"
"oh my gaah"
"I'm creaming"
“Why are you pointing to your boobs?
“ah catharsis,”
"How do you drive this thing? No wait that's the gun"
“that is a young, fresh, crisp dilf”
"how are you hitting me through my shield za wadudo"
"la mao, aj is in the pee hole"
"When your bag is full of butter"
"Nintendo"
“Hardware,”
“Heartrate”
"I'm so good at jokes you should leave"
"Actually there's 5 of them"
So why are they called quads"
"Cuz there's 4 of them"
"bobs"
"When you go you go"
"Well we don't always get consent do we Brett?"
"Cocky milk"
"Emily would be a square because she's not around"
"Why would you say that"
"India has breached containment"
"honey phase moon"
"Pussy Bot 3000"
"my fucking shoe fell off!"
"I'm so freaking fast you guys don't even know"
"Gutter trucks"
"He went to every orphan personally and said "I hate you""
"This is a smudge stick right?"
"every time I put a camera down John comes in with his tripod camera, and I feel inferior. I don't like it"
"you're a bad person, and you're worse than Hitler"
"no no no"
"I'm a bit tilted"
"i don’t know i’m kinda tired"
“you DO … the hokey pokey… and you ‘turn’ yourself around” -
"Get zooked"
"10/10 Good AJ"
“give me the forbidden red liquid”
“but like, ice cream sammich”
"i like grinding"
"If I want to be a boy I want to be a hot boy"
"Oregon Trail"
"I'm so lucky, lucky, lucky boi"
"Now you can get really high"
"PLS the jooce"
“Big chungus”
"My hair feels hard... like straw"
"They're all just aspects of one greater being"
“[Going outside] was more dangerous than sticking a lit torch down your throat”
“It felt 10 times longer than normal”
“That’s what she said”
“Imagine being a trumpet”
"I'm currently stroking"
"I'm a little whore for nostalgia"
"Although I’d eat ass on the down low"
“dos phsysic”
"His balls can bleed all they want that's not illegal"
"you can run but you can't hide"
"I am literally neopolitan icecream"
“let me ride you”
"Mark's penis - oh my gahhd"
"baby bones are just built-in snacks,"
"I'm about to nut everywhere"
“fake game girl”
“Speedrunning dementia would be dying at birth”
"He knows he doesn't want this smoke"
“Let’s Bee Friends!… NO SOLICITING BEWARE OF DOG”
“You hit a buzzer and you say 3/4 HA hemiola”
“gasp YOU’RE A GUY??!!”
“I’ll probably survive”
“what happens if you don’t land the trash in the trash can??”
“you get circumcised-“
"Crunchy bones"
"you got a problem with the masturbate??"
“-_-“
"When we are in da computer"
"I'm not gonna be able to sleep afte- beeep boop beeep beep"
"Can I sext in the Wendy’s server?"
“i don’t let them leave until i finish my boog”
“Is he not the queens guard?”
“Mr. Riley do you have a mask, like an extra mask?”
“Do I have a mask an extra mask?”
“the monte carlo method flips into the 2nd dimension “
“feeling recessive and breedable right now”
“if it feels good it tastes good,”
"Ok Irish boy let's tussle"
“Can we get an F in chat”
“Can I see the options?”
“Can you not?”
“It’s so realistic I feel like I’m vaping right now”
“kit kat tit tat,”
“kitty katty titty tatty,”
“why are they all below 1?”
“so anyways”
“What the crap,”
"I'm not a home wrecker, I'm a home renovator"
"Remember I say these things because I've either seen them or done them"
“that’s the infertility spot”
"Gentlemen, we are at war... a Star War."
“So we borh taking bio rn huh I”
“Ohh, I can get myself off!”
"What are you doing to my gOoBa?"
"crunching and distant joker beatboxing"
“What is the scariest movie you’ve ever seen”
“Eddie Reynolds: the movie”
“blacking out? more like hsssxhssshxsasxhssss”
“Why are you looking at me”
“rawr……………. dinosauw,”
"blick boosts"
"deuce (poop)"
“Necropantsed… boner?”
"Baby, I'm worth more than that"
“He kills cats and is color blind; like pick a struggle”
“You can’t read!”
“she didn’t want you to be ratio’d”
“I could quite literally fit in Lance’s mouth”
"ooh! tennis!
“You can read after all”
“That’s quite literally him”
“It’s like playing with your feet; it’s not hard, it’s just weird.”
“animals with 3 letters in their name”
“ron”
“Get out”
“Are you playing a game in my car?”
“I think I watched a video on how to make cocaine once”
“You know what? We should probably start listening to trap remixes of Christmas Carols”
“Emily you can pull up to the stop line”
“You can get your license”
"bvcxqw 2bn"
"sea of poultry"
"Why did this skeleton drop a bone"
"Taxes are for chumps"
“Give me a name for a room”
“Nursery”
“Bring me another!”
“Now I’m kinda into it”
“Amelia’s become a poster child for a band kid, soccer player to… this. No soccer kid would shout ‘let’s go’ when they get to play by themselves.”
"We are finding a civilization on this man's balls"
"Why aren't you guys making a child"
“Can’t have a dogpile without a dog”
"I Had my sweeping edge sword and then i heard a Baa aaa, and then it died."
"Imagined getting introduced to Satanism at an orgy in 1968"
“Let’s just say we’re in a minor”
“Waka waka waka waka Stop!”
“Gosh you have pretty eyelashes”
"bjnn"
“potago”
"buse wood"
“i can’t play Wordle, i’m part of the control group”
“If they’re not black then they’re wack”
“Have you seen these balls”
“Pro tip: let go of the kid”
“horse neighing sound”
"知彼知己，百戰不殆；不知彼而知己，一勝一負；不知彼，不知己，每戰必殆"
“Name one thing that walks without organs”
“Your Mom”
“Don’t schlop what you can’t bop”
“Don’t you remember when Dr. Doofenshmirtz killed God”
“YESSS OH MY GOSH!!11”
“I’m not drinking blood over here there’s no irony”
"I'm putting on pants"
“This one has lost its will to live”
“What is diamond isis?”
“It’s ranks”
"It's in my ass"
“Albeder”
“I’ll beat her?”
"Saad, how fruity are you?"
“I’m a man of culture”
"Have i ever made a istake"
“Girls with black cats are a type”
“I’m a masochist”
"Piss on my command Brett"
“Sufficiently crunchy”
“Sufficiently crunchy: title of your sex tape”
"I think Brett lets his tail loose at home"
"You know what the difference between a good joke and a normal joke is?"
"we're playing a deathmat bretch"
“People think you are a quiet person”
“ ”
“Ain’t no Buckley buck enough, ain’t no Larson Larson enough”
“Here there be fingers”
“We’re on the fifth Freddy night!”
"All those valorant e-girls, they're all over me"
"It's not a trap if I like it"
“AJ do you let all your kinks out at night?”
"They killed Charmander!!"
"shot the gorilla"
"get e-wrecked"
“Clearly, you have melanin in your skin”
"Dabezt has invited you to join a Blend on Spotify. Join on the Spotify mobile app. https://open.spotify.com/blend/taste-match/da260966d281a260?si=jXdUa76tSTmW5ZRT_MPE9Q&fallback=getapp "
“I haven’t eaten a unicorn… yet”
“I’m a communist"
“His liver was overlapping your liver”
“No, I’m a woman”
“They couldn’t wait for the bison”
“‘You’re a band kid?? Ha, nerd,’ said the kid in anime club.”
"Our house, in the middle our house"
"I think Brock is a raging sexist"
"I hate women"
“Jahari the kind of wipper snapper to get trapped in a British physics simulation”
“If I beat Tristan I’m drinking his blood”
"My balls were busted"
“Peter Dinklage nudes?”
“You don’t like the words gloggin’ on over to glogan?”
“You’ve brought me to this.”
“If I listen to Weezer right now I’d be depressed”
“As the saying goes: big project, big mulch”
"But my feet though? Crispy"
"Infidals!"
"hey, can you guys- can you guy s hear Me?"
"I came out unscathed unlike someone I know, very scathed, full of scabs"
“Keep my feets data out your freaking computer!”
"Does butter come in loafs?"
“I hate Wells Fargo”
“I like people I want to kill them"
"It's not about the size of the dog in the fight, it's about the size of the gun the dog has"
“I have arrived”
“No one is stupider than these girls from Jupiter”
"i hear u"
"Spongeboy me bob"
“Like, why do trombones exist?”
“I just my Denny’s virginity”
“Me too, a yo?”
“Dab me up”
“Oh the periods over!”
“Ruby boobies? Who has those?"
"yeah"
"Don't cross the stream man it's not worth it!!!"
"Who falled?"
"my Balls??!!"
"Poking his hand crack"
"Owen?? Owen?? Owen Dougherty from the Owen Dougherty section??"
"Throwing a bomb into the kitchen!"
"Callouts are important, someone could have gotten hurt"
“If you don’t hug your parents, I will for you, and it will be uncomfortable for everyone”
"What could @Dabezt possibly be doing that is more important then this call"
"one death is a tragedy one million is a statistic"
"Caught it lacking"